Reorganization of saucectl JS FWs into Web-Apps Automation section (#484)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testrunner-toolkit/configuration/common-syntax.md

    id: your_tunnel_id
    parent: parent_owner_of_tunnel # if applicable, specify the owner of the tunnel
```
---

## `docker`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | OBJECT |</small></p>

The set of properties defining the specific Docker image and type your are using, if you are running any tests locally.

```yaml
docker:
  fileTransfer: mount
  image: saucelabs/stt-cypress-mocha-node:vX.X.X
```
---

### `fileTransfer`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

Method in which to transfer test files into the docker container. Valid values are:
* `mount`: (Default) Mounts files and folders into the docker container. Changes to these files and folders will be reflected on the host (and vice a versa).
* `copy`: Copies files and folders into the docker container. If you run into permission issues, either due to docker or host settings, `copy` is the advised use case. See the [Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#copy) for more about the copy convention.

```yaml
  fileTransfer: < mount | copy >
```
---

### `image`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

Specifies which docker image and version to use when running tests. Valid values are in the format:

> `saucelabs/<framework-node>:<vX.X.X>`. See [Supported Testing Platforms](/web-apps/automated-testing/cypress#supported-testing-platforms) for Docker release notes related to Cypress.

Author: Nope. Good catch. Will fix that.

> `saucelabs/<framework-node>:<vX.X.X>`. See [Supported Testing Platforms](/web-apps/automated-testing/cypress#supported-testing-platforms) for Docker release notes related to Cypress.

Author: ```suggestion
`saucelabs/<framework-node>:<vX.X.X>`. See [Supported Testing Platforms](/testrunner-toolkit#supported-frameworks-in-docker-runner) for Docker release notes related to each framework.
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
---

### `name`
<p><small>| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p>

The name of the test suite, which will be reflected in the results and related artifacts.

```yaml
  - name: "saucy test"
```
---

### `env`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | OBJECT |</small></p>

A property containing one or more environment variables that may be referenced in the tests for this suite. Expanded environment variables are supported.

```yaml
  env:
    hello: world
    my_var: $MY_VAR
```
---

> ### `browser`

Author: Hmmm. Good point. I may remove it from the common file and just let it live in the framework specific files.
